feat: adopt hubble sdk on notebook login (#576)
jina-ai/finetuner: docs/tasks/image-to-image.md

> First you need to {ref}`login to Jina ecosystem <login-to-jina-ecosystem>`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, {ref}`log in to the Jina ecosystem <login-to-jina-ecosystem>`:
```
